Simple Editor Debug Visuals for Empty Root Game Objects on the Scene

This package provides easy-to-use scripts to visualize debug information in the Unity Editor for empty root game objects with either cube or sphere colliders.

Installation
Copy the package contents into your Unity Project's Assets folder. This package requires the presence of the ODIN INSPECTOR directive. Be sure to define the ODIN_INSPECTOR directive in your project's preprocessor configurations.

Usage
Attach the RootDebugVisualizer.cs script to the desired game objects in your Unity scenes. With this, you can easily tweak script properties directly in the Unity Editor.
The RootDebugVisualizerEditor.cs script enhances the default Unity Inspector by utilizing the Odin Inspector, providing an advanced and organized view of the script properties.

Contents
RootDebugVisualizer.cs

Enumerations
DefaultColliderType: Specifies the default collider type (Cube or Sphere).
Configurable Properties
targetCollider: The target collider of the game object.
isSizeRewritten: If set to true, allows to override the size of the target collider.
defaultColliderType: In case that no target collider is assigned, this default collider type will be applied.
cubeSize: The size of the cube for the default collider (applicable only when the default collider is Cube).
sphereRadius: The radius of the sphere for the default collider (applicable only when the default collider is Sphere).
centerOffset: Provides an offset for the collider from the center of the game object.
debugColor: The color to be used for the Gizmos in the debug visualization.

RootDebugVisualizerEditor.cs
This script is an extension of the OdinEditor. It overrides the default Unity Inspector view to provide an advanced and organized Odin Inspector.
An Inspector view generated by this script will contain all the public fields and properties marked with [SerializeField] attribute, and any private serialized fields marked with [ShowInInspector] attribute under RootDebugVisualizer.cs script.
OnInspectorGUI override
Public override for the Unity OnInspectorGUI method. Will draw the Odin Inspector GUI. The Odin Inspector provides an advanced and organized representation of the RootDebugVisualizer script properties.
Notes
Be sure to include the ODIN_INSPECTOR directive in your project's Scripting Define Symbols found under the Player settings. This package heavily relies on Odin Inspector to provide advanced and organized property representations for your scripts.
Support
Should you have any questions or require support, please don't hesitate to contact us. Happy debugging!